27-May-2021

VITTHAL MIRJI
#408, B-Wing, 4th Floor, Mulund Ashoka CHSL,
Mahatma Phule Road, Besides Deshmukh Udyan
Mulund East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400081

Dear VITTHAL,

We are pleased to offer to you an opportunity for full-time employment with WM Global Technology Services India
Private Limited (“The Company”). If you accept our offer, your tentative joining date will be on 21-Jun-2021  or such
other date as communicated by the Company.

Attachment A contains the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company. 
Attachment B contains the details of your compensation and benefits, which is subject to appropriate taxes. These
taxes will be deducted from your pay.

If you accept our offer of employment, please sign in the space provided on Page 6 and return to us within 3 business
days from the date of this letter. Our offer shall automatically lapse unless we receive your acceptance within the
designated   time   or   unless   we   grant   an   extension   of   time   due   to   extenuating   circumstances.

You are required to handle this letter with all terms and its contents as strictly confidential, including but not limited to
compensation, and you may not disclose or discuss the same, externally or with co-workers, without the Company’s
prior written consent.

We look forward to you joining our team and contributing to the Company’s success.  Should you have any questions
or   would   like   to   discuss   the   terms   and/or   conditions   of   this   offer,   please   feel   free   to   contact   your   recruiter.

Yours sincerely,
For WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited 

Sudeep Ralhan
Vice President, People

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
27-May-2021

Attachment A

1. Date of Appointment

Your employment will be effective upon your signing of this letter which shall be provided to you for signature on your
first day of employment (21-Jun-2021). All your service benefits will be effective the Date of Joining. This offer letter
and your employment are contingent upon the satisfactory completion  of  background and reference  checks and
immigration related approvals, if any.  Your employment is based upon the information and declarations provided by
you.   If at any time we determine that the information provided is false or misleading or that you have concealed
information,   the   Company   may   withdraw   its   offer   and/or   terminate   your   employment   immediately.   

You have represented to us, and you are being employed by us, on the basis that, to the best of your knowledge, you
have no restrictions or commitments to former employers or other entities which would in any way affect  or hinder
your rendering the services to the Company or that would restrict you from joining the Company.

2.  Location

Your current location of posting will be in our Bengaluru, Karnataka, India office.   The Company may, at its sole
discretion, transfer you to any other office or location of the Company or any of its affiliates.

3. Designation and Job responsibilities

Your designation in the organization presently is Senior Data Engineer. Your job responsibilities will be as assigned
to you by the management from time to time. The designation, reporting and the job responsibilities are subject to
review by the management from time to time. You shall perform and discharge faithfully and to the best of your ability
the duties, which may be assigned to you from time to time by the Company and shall report to Senior Manager II,
Data Engineering in connection with such responsibilities.

You will devote your full working time, energy and attention exclusively to the duties entrusted to you and you shall
not engage yourself in working for any other person or Company in any capacity, whatsoever, nor do any private
business without obtaining our prior permission in writing.

4. Emoluments

Your Total Direct Compensation is INR 41,79,600/- per annum which shall include all perks, benefits, bonus (MIP), 
and Restricted Stock Units (RSU) as described in Attachment B. Provided that all amounts payable by the Company 
shall be subject to any taxes required to be withheld or deducted at source. 

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
5. Incentive (MIP)

During your first year of employment, you will be eligible to participate in the Company's Management Incentive Plan
(the MIP) on a prorated basis, determined by your Date of Joining. Based on your position, the MIP currently allows
you to  earn a target  incentive of 25% of your  annual   salary in  an incentive  payment  which  would be based  on
meeting   a   combination   of  individual   and/   or   Company   metrics  set   for  that   fiscal   year. Associates   hired   prior  to
November 1st are eligible for a prorated share of the incentive award for that MIP period.Salaried Associates must
remain employed through January 31st of the fiscal year to be eligible to receive the incentive award.

If your incentive percentage changes during the MIP period, your incentive percentage will be pro-rated based on the
number of days employed during the fiscal year

It  is expressly clarified that the Target Incentive is not intended to be a promise or guarantee of current or future
incentive payout. The Company may, at any time and its sole and absolute discretion, amend, suspend, vary and
modify any of the terms and conditions of the MIP guidelines

Fiscal year,  for the purpose of this offer of employment, shall mean a period commencing from February 1 st  and
ending on January 31st of next year.

6. Annual Restricted Stock Units (RSU)

Each year, associates who are in an equity-eligible position on January 31st, are eligible to receive an annual equity
(RSU) award, subject to and based on individual performance. The RSU award for your position at IN 4 will be 25%
of your annual gross salary, and will be used to determine the number of RSUs granted by the Company.  The RSU
award will be based on and subject to your performance, contributions or other metrics set by the Company.

The amount of the equity award is used solely to determine the number of RSUs granted.  It is not intended to be a
promise or guarantee of current or future value of the RSUs or any shares underlying the RSUs. All equity awards are
subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Walmart, Inc. Stock. Incentive Plan as amended (including but
not limited to your continuous employment), the approval of the Global Compensation Committee, and the terms and
conditions set forth in the notice governing your RSU Award.

Annual RSU Award will vest over a four-year period in 25% installments beginning in the first year following the year
of the grant. The exact vesting dates for awarded RSUs will be specified in the award document provided to you in
connection with each grant.

7. Provident Fund

You shall be eligible to participate in the Employee's Provident Fund Scheme under the Employees Provident Funds
and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, as applicable to employees of the Company.

8 Gratuity 

You will be eligible for payment of Gratuity as per the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. 

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

9. Working Hours and Leave

Your   work days,  hours  of work  and  the beginning   and   ending  times  of  your  shifts  shall  be  determined  by your
manager and/or the HR department from time to time.  The Company may require you to work in different shifts and
the timing of those  shifts  and/or days of the week upon  which the shifts are scheduled may be  changed at the
discretion of the Company to accommodate the needs of the business. If you are required to work different shifts, you
may be eligible for a shift allowance as per Company policy depending on which shifts you are required to work.

You shall be eligible for leave in accordance with the Company's policies and practices notified from time to time. 

10. Salary Review

The salary and compensation are subject to being reviewed and modified annually by the Company normally on April
of every year. Your next salary review will be in April 2022.

The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any payments due to you pursuant to the provisions of this letter, any
amounts required to be withheld by any applicable taxing or other authority, or any amounts loaned to you by the
Company.

11. Travel

The   Company   may   require   you   to   undertake   travel   on   the   Company’s   work,   and   you   shall   be   eligible   for
reimbursement of travel expenses for official work as per the Company’s policies.

12. Transfers

From   time   to   time,   depending   on   our   business   needs,   the   Company   may   transfer   you   in   such   capacity   as   the
Company may determine anywhere in India or abroad to  any one of  Company’s departments,  subsidiaries, joint
ventures, associates and affiliated Companies. During the tenure of such transfers, you may be entitled to benefits as
per the Company's guidelines.

13. Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, and Product Assignment

You will not at any time, without the consent of the Company disclose  divulge, display, disseminate or make public,
except under legal obligation, any information regarding the Company’s affairs or administration or service carried
out, whether the same be confided to you or become known to you in course of your service or otherwise. Any breach
of this condition would entitle the Company to take such action as would be appropriate in the circumstances and / or
to   claim   any   damages   from   you.The   Company’s   offer   for   employment   is   conditional   and   subject   to   the   Non-
Disclosure, Non-Solicitation, and Product Assignment Agreement (“Agreement”), a copy of which can be obtained
from the HR Department. You will be required to sign the Agreement within the first month of Joining.

14. Protection of Interest

If any declaration or information furnished or provided by you to the Company during or prior to the Date of Joining
proves   to   be  false   or   misleading,  or   if   you  are   found   to  have   willfully   suppressed   any  material   information,   the
Company   reserves   the   right   to   terminate   your   employment   immediately   without   any   notice   or   compensation
whatsoever.

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
15. Code of Conduct

You will adhere to the Company’s policies and Code of Conduct which may be changed or revised from time to time.  
The HR Department will make available to you copies of these policies and you should review prior to acceptance of
our offer.   The Company reserves the right to terminate your employment without any reason or notice on receiving
any information on your violation of the Company’s policies or Code of Conduct.

Further you agree to abide by all the Company rules, regulations, instructions, policies, practices and procedures
which   the   Company   may   amend   from   time   to   time   and   to   indemnify   the   Company   for   any   loss   suffered   as   a
consequence of a breach by you of the Company rules, regulations, instructions, policies, practices and procedures.

16. Termination

Either party may terminate your employment with one month’s notice in writing. The Company reserves the right to
pay in lieu of notice. In case you have given notice to resign or terminate your employment, you are expected to
serve the entire notice period diligently, although the Company may in its sole discretion permit you to leave earlier.  

Notwithstanding   the   information   above   or   anything   else   to   the   contrary,   the   Company   may   suspend,   dismiss,
discharge or terminate your employment with immediate effect by a notice in writing (without salary in lieu of notice) in
the   event   of   (i)   fraudulent,   dishonest   or   undisciplined   conduct   by   you,   (ii)   you   commit   a   breach   of   integrity,   or
embezzlement,   or   misappropriation   or   misuse   or   causing   damage   to   the   Company’s   property,   (iii)   your
insubordination or failure to comply with the directions given to you by persons so authorized, (iv) your insolvency, or
any allegation or conviction for any criminal offense, (v) your breach of any terms or conditions of this offer letter or
the Company’s policies or other documents or directions of the Company. (vi) you going on or abetting a strike in
contravention of any law for the time being in force, (vii) you conducting yourself in a manner which is regarded by the
Company as prejudicial to its own interests or to the interests of its clients and/or (viii) misconduct by you as provided
under the labour laws and/or in the Company’s policies.

17. Obligations Upon Termination

Upon termination of your employment with the Company, you are required to return to the Company all documents,
key business contacts, assets and books of whatsoever nature in your custody, care or charge and obtain clearance
from the relevant person and departments. Where required, the Company will advise the relevant authorities of the
termination of your employment.

Further, all memoranda, notes, records or other documents made or compiled by you or made available to you during
your   employment   with   the   Company   concerning   the   business   and/or   operations   of   the   Company   shall   be   the
Company’s property and shall, if in your possession or under your control, be delivered to the Company on the
termination of your employment.   You shall not use for yourself or others, or divulge to others, any proprietary or
confidential information of the Company, obtained by you as a result of your employment, unless authorized by the
Company.

18. Personal Data

By signing this letter you authorize the Company to verify, validate, transfer, store, process and share all personal
data   and   other   information   relating   to   you   and   provided   by   you   to   the   Company   or   otherwise   obtained   by   the
Company in connection with your engagement with the Company, with other companies, whether in India or abroad,
under the Walmart group of companies.

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
19. General

All notices required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail or by certified or
registered   mail,   return   receipt   requested,   postage   prepaid,   or   given   by   a   nationally   recognized   courier   service
providing for proof of delivery to the following persons at the following addresses, or to such other persons at such
other   addresses   as   any   party   may   request   by   notice   in   writing   to   the   other   party   to   this   Agreement.
Further, the Company’s policies are part of this offer of employment and you will have to sign and abide strictly by the
Company’s code of conduct in all business transactions, including protection of Company assets, conflict of interest,
relations with vendors and other policy guidelines. A copy of such policies will be provided upon your request.   

Your employment and the terms and conditions of this letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of India.

Yours sincerely

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited.

____________________________                          
Sudeep Ralhan
Vice President, People  

Confirmation and Acceptance

I, VITTHAL, hereby accept to be a part of the Company and will abide by the Code of Conduct, policies, guidelines
and the terms/conditions as set forth in this letter.

___________________________

Name: VITTHAL

Date:
Father’s/Husband’s Name:
Date of Birth:
Contact Number & Email ID:

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
27-May-2021

Attachment B
Your current position title is Senior Data Engineer, your level is IN 4

Annual Compensation

Annual Compensation (INR)

Components

Basic

HRA

Flexible Compensation Plan*

Annual Gross Salary

Retirals (PF)**

Annual Fixed Salary

Annual Incentive at Target (MIP)
Target Annual Incentive % (as a % of Annual Gross
Salary)
Target Annual Incentive Amount

Target TC (Target Total Cash)

Annual RSU at Target

Target RSU % (as a % of Annual Gross Salary)

Target RSU Amount

Target TDC (Total Direct Compensation)

10,80,000

4,32,000

11,88,000

27,00,000

1,29,600

28,29,600

Target

25%

6,75,000

35,04,600

Target

25%

6,75,000

41,79,600

MIP - The indicative amount for the MIP will be 25% @ Target of the annual gross salary.

Restricted Stock Units (RSU) Based on your position, your annual RSU award will be equivalent to 25% of your
annual gross salary.  RSU award will vest over a four year period based on the anniversary of the grant date in 25%
increments.

Flexible Compensation Plan*: You can choose the below components to make your FCP tax efficient in line with the
policy

Components

Per Annum

LTA
75,000.00
Telephone Reimbursement 36,000.00
National Pension Scheme

10% of Basic

Retirals **:

Provident Fund: As per the Company’s Provident Fund Schemes.
(12% of Basic Salary)

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
27-May-2021 

Insurance 

 Benefits

Mediclaim Insurance: Coverage would be for self, spouse, dependent parents or parental in laws and 2 dependent
children for a sum of INR 5,00,000/-. 

Personal Accident Insurance Scheme: Covers 24 hours a day anywhere in the world, upto 3 times of your Gross
Salary or INR 15 labhs whichever is higher.

Group Term Life Insurance Scheme: Covers 24 hours a day anywhere in the world, upto 3 times of your of Annual
Gross Salary or INR 15 labhs whichever is higher.

Coverage to group term life insurance is subject to medical health checkup being undertaken and assessment of
medical results by insurance company. It is clarified the Company shall bear the expenses for the medical health
check-up that is being is undertaken 

If an Associate is 60 (Sixty) years and above and if the Insurance Company determines the medical results not to be
satisfactory, the Associate will not be covered under the Group Term Life Insurance Scheme. 

For any Associate, if the 3 years’ Annual Gross Salary exceeds the free cover limit capping and if the Insurance
Company determines the medical results not to be satisfactory, the Associate will be eligible only up to free cover limit
capping 

Further, associate and his immediate dependent members are eligible for outpatient care benefit of INR 20,000/-
(Rupees Twenty Thousand only) per policy year. 

The Insurance benefit is not intended to be a promise or guarantee of current or future benefit. The Company may, at
any time and its sole and absolute discretion, amend, suspend, vary and modify any of the terms and conditions of
the Insurance programme guidelines.

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
 
I. Applicability  

Relocation Guide – Walmart GTS India

This Guide is applicable to all associates relocating at least 100 kms from their current location based on joining 
Walmart GTS India (“Company”) or an internal job transfer between Company-related locations.  

II. Details  

An associate to whom the Guide is applicable may be eligible for the following benefits:- 















Accommodation:  living   space   in   a   Company-approved   hotel   or   guest   house,   at   the   discretion   of   the
Company, for the associate and his or her immediate family, restricted to spouse, children and dependent
parents, 2 weeks upon joining the Company and 3 weeks in case of job transfer.  

Travel:  2nd class AC train or economy/APEX fare air travel for the associate and their immediate family.  If
the associate chooses to drive a personal vehicle, mileage will be reimbursed at Rs 7.00 per km based on
the shortest safe route, and limited to the equivalent value of economy class airfare for the same route. 

Local Travel: Reasonable taxi costs incurred from 8am to 6pm for the first 7 days from the date of arrival in
the new city.  These costs may only be reimbursed for travel associated with becoming acquainted with the
city, available housing, school enrolment obligations, banking, and other needs associated with relocation as
approved by the Company in its sole discretion. 

Transportation of Household Goods: The Company will cover the fees/ charges of transportation of the
associate’s household goods. A minimum of 3 quotes must be evaluated and the most competitively priced
vendor chosen for the service. The Company will pay a maximum allowance towards the insurance premium
of household goods up to Rs. 20,000 (Rupees twenty thousand) or premium on the value of household
goods of no more than Rs. 8,00,000 (Rupees eight lakhs), whichever is less.  

Note: Associates can choose to spend more on insurance premiums but Walmart GTS will only reimburse a 
maximum amount of INR 20,000 towards the same and the associate will have to bear the rest.  

Vehicle Transfer:  Company will cover the expenses for the transfer of two personal vehicles, whether a car
or two wheeler, based on actual cost, through the designated transport/freight agency. The vehicles must be
registered under the names of the associate, spouse or dependent parents.  The Company will reimburse
the registration costs of up to two vehicles required by the new state, if applicable, based on the official
receipt or bill issued by the governing Regional Transport Office.  Any other expenses related to the transfer
of the vehicle(s) will be the associate’s responsibility.  

Brokerage  for  House Rentals:    If the  associate  chooses  to use  the  services  of  a property  consulting
company,  the  Company will reimburse   the  associate  for brokerage  fees  paid to  the property  consulting
company, based on actual receipts, up to a maximum of one month’s rent for the house. 

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

III. Process  

The associate must submit relocation related expense itinerary claim by logging in to HR 
 .  To be processed, the
claim and the attached bills and receipts will require final approval of the HR manager and the associate’s reporting 
manager. The payment will be directly credited to the associate’s bank account.  

 -  Mart

If the associate wants to delay access to the household goods to a later date after joining or moving, the associate 
may submit two claims, provided the second claim is made within 6 months of joining or moving.  

IV. Exceptions and Associate Repayment Obligations  

•

•

Any  exception  to this  Guide  may only  be  made in  writing  by an  HR manager   and  the  Director of  the
business unit involved.  

All payments made by the Company under this Relocation Policy will be recoverable from the associate if
the associate leaves the  organization  in less  than  6 months from the date of hire or  transfer  either by
voluntary resignation or termination based on ethics or integrity violations.

V. Discretion Retained:

This   program   is   implemented   in   the   sole   discretion   of   the   Company,   and   it   may   be   modified,   amended,   or
discontinued at any time in the sole discretion of the Company.

WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited
Regd. Office: Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, 
Bangalore – 560 087
Phone 91.80.40358008, Fax 91.80.40358000
www.walmart.com
CIN-U72200KA2011PTC059719

 
