SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 

This Separation and Release Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of 4-Nov-25 (“Effective Date”), 
is made and entered into by and between:  

WM  Global  Technology  Services  India  Private  Limited,  a  company  incorporated  under  the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its office address at WM Global Technology Services 
India Private Limited, Building 11, 1st Floor,  SEZ-CESSNA Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East Taluk, Bangalore – 560 087, India (hereinafter referred 
to as “Company” or “WMGTS”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the meaning or context 
thereto, include its successors and assigns), and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Vittal  Mirji, having  WIN number:  228274538 and residing at  #408, B-Wing, 4Th Floor, Mulund 
Ashoka  Co-Operative  Housing  Society,  Mahatma  Phule  Road,Near  Chintamani  Deshmukh  Udyan, 
Mulund  East,  Mumbai,  Maharashtra,  400081MumbaiMH  400081,  (hereinafter  referred  to  as 
“Associate”).  

RECITALS:  

WHEREAS, the Associate is a full-time employee of the Company and holds the designation of STAFF, 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER.  

WHEREAS, the Associate and WMGTS have mutually agreed to terminate the Associate’s employment 
with  WMGTS  and  consequently  the  Associate  shall  be  relieved  of  employment  with  effective  from 
Separation Date; and the parties, through voluntary, equal and friendly negotiations, have reached the 
following mutual agreement concerning the Associate’s separation from WMGTS. 

NOW  THEREFORE,  for  good,  valuable  and  sufficient  consideration,  including  the  mutual  promises 
contained  in  this  Agreement,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby  acknowledged  by  the 
parties, the Associate and Company agree to be legally bound by the following terms and conditions: 

1.  Separation Date.  The parties  agree that the Associate’s employment with WMGTS  shall stand  
terminated as on 3-Feb-26  (“Separation Date”).  Associate will continue to receive full salary and 
benefits  through  until  the  Separation  Date.  The  period  between  the  Effective  Date  and  the 
Separation Date shall include the notice period that the Associate is required to serve in accordance 
with  the  terms  of  the  Associate’s  offer  letter/employment  contract.  Accordingly,  the  Associate 
agrees  that  no  additional  payment  or  salary  over  and  above  the  payment  as  stipulated  in  this 
Agreement shall be required to be paid by the Company in lieu of the notice period. The Separation 
Date may be amended by agreement of both parties, in writing. 

2.  Separation Payments and confirmation:   

a)  The  Associate  shall  be  eligible  to  receive  salary  and  benefits  only  up  to  the 
Separation Date. The payments shall be made subject to any applicable taxes and 
customary withholding under applicable laws in accordance with  Section 3 hereof. 
The Company shall also be entitled to adjust any amounts payable by the Associate 
(including  any  amounts  payable  by  the  Company  to  a  third  party  on  behalf  of  the 
Associate  in  relation  to  any  benefit  provided  by  the  Company  to  the  Associate) 
against  any  amount  (including  leave  encashment,  Gratuity,  etc.)  payable  by  the 
Company to the Associate under this Agreement. 

b)  The  Company  shall  pay  to  the  Associate  an  amount  of  INR  1,876,010/-                                                            

(Rupees Eighteen Lacs Seventy Six Thousand Ten Only, details of which have 
been  provided  in  Annexure  A)  to  the  Associate  as  consideration  for  signing  this 
Agreement  and  complying  with  the  obligations  hereunder  including  releasing  the 
Company as provided in this Agreement.  

c)  Upon  receiving  the  payments  as  indicated  herein,  the  Associate  confirms  having 
received the full amount from Company and acknowledges that there is no further 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payment  to  be  made  by  Company  to  the  Associate  in  relation  to  the  Associate’s 
employment  with  the  Company  or  in  relation  to  the  cessation  of  the  Associate’s 
employment with the Company. 

d)  The Associate confirms that as on the Separation Date, all benefits to the Associate 
under  the  applicable  Company  plans,  programs  and/or  arrangements  shall  be 
terminated, without any obligation or liability to the Company.  

e)  Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, the Associate represents that the 
Company has no outstanding debts or other obligations towards the Associate under 
law or under contract. 

3.  Taxes: The amounts set forth in Section 2 shall be subject to tax to be deducted at source by the 
Company or the affiliate, as the case may be. The Associate agrees that, to the extent taxes of any 
kind  under  applicable  laws  may  be  due  as  a  result  of  any  such  payment  to  the  Associate,  the 
Associate shall be solely responsible for such taxes and will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 
Company in the event there is any claim against the Company for such taxes. 

4.  General Release and Covenant Not to Sue: IN CONSIDERATION OF THE PROMISES OF 
THE COMPANY AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND WITH THE INTENT TO BE BOUND 
LEGALLY,  THE  ASSOCIATE,  ASSOCIATE’S  ATTORNEYS,  HEIRS,  EXECUTORS, 
ADMINISTRATORS,  ASSIGNS,  AND  TRUSTS,  PARTNERSHIPS  AND  OTHER  ENTITIES 
UNDER THE ASSOCIATES’S CONTROL (TOGETHER THE “ASSOCIATE PARTIES”), HEREBY 
GENERALLY  RELEASES  AND  FOREVER  DISCHARGES  THE  COMPANY  AND  THEIR 
RESPECTIVE PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES 
AND  THEIR  PAST  AND  PRESENT  MEMBERS,  DIRECTORS,  OFFICERS,  PARTNERS, 
ASSOCIATES,  AGENTS,  REPRESENTATIVES,  PRINCIPALS,  SHAREHOLDERS,  INSURERS 
AND  ATTORNEYS  (TOGETHER  THE  “COMPANY  PARTIES”)  FROM  ANY  AND  ALL  CLAIMS, 
DEMANDS,  LIABILITIES,  SUITS,  DAMAGES,  LOSSES,  EXPENSES,  ATTORNEYS’  FEES, 
JUDGMENTS, OBLIGATIONS OR CAUSES OF ACTION, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN OF ANY KIND 
AND  EVERY  NATURE  WHATSOEVER,  AND  WHETHER  OR  NOT  ACCRUED  OR  MATURED, 
WHICH ANY OF THEM MAY HAVE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY TRANSACTION, 
DEALING, RELATIONSHIP, CONDUCT, ACT OR OMISSION, OR ANY OTHER MATTERS OR 
THINGS  OCCURRING  OR  EXISTING  AT  ANY  TIME  PRIOR  TO  AND  INCLUDING  THE 
SEPARATION  DATE  (INCLUDING,  BUT  NOT  LIMITED  TO,  ANY  CLAIM  AGAINST  THE 
COMPANY  PARTIES  BASED  ON,  RELATING  TO  OR  ARISING  UNDER  WRONGFUL 
DISCHARGE,  BREACH  OF  CONTRACT  (WHETHER  ORAL  OR  WRITTEN),  TORT,  FRAUD, 
DEFAMATION,  NEGLIGENCE,  PROMISSORY  ESTOPPEL,  OR  ANY  OTHER  CENTRAL  OR 
STATE  LAWS  RELATING  TO  EMPLOYMENT  OR  DISCRIMINATION  IN  EMPLOYMENT) 
INCLUDING,  BUT  NOT  LIMITED  TO,  SUCH  MATTERS  ARISING  OUT  OF  OR  RELATING  TO 
THE  ASSOCIATE’S  EMPLOYMENT  WITH  THE  COMPANY,  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  THAT 
SUCH  GENERAL  RELEASE  WILL  NOT  LIMIT  OR  RELEASE  (I)  THE  ASSOCIATE’S  RIGHTS 
UNDER  THIS  AGREEMENT,  OR  (II) CLAIMS  ARISING  SOLELY  AFTER  THE  SEPARATION 
DATE.  

THE ASSOCIATE AND THE ASSOCIATE PARTIES, HEREBY COVENANTS FOREVER NOT TO 
ASSERT,  FILE,  PROSECUTE,  MAINTAIN,  COMMENCE,  INSTITUTE  (OR  SPONSOR  OR 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PURPOSELY  FACILITATE  ANY  PERSON  IN  CONNECTION  WITH  THE  FOREGOING),  ANY 
COMPLAINT OR LAWSUIT OR ANY LEGAL, EQUITABLE OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING 
OF ANY NATURE, AGAINST ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY 
MATTER  RELEASED  IN  THIS  SECTION  AND  REPRESENTS  AND  WARRANTS  TO  THE 
COMPANY  THAT  NO  OTHER  PERSON  OR  ENTITY  HAS  INITIATED  OR,  TO  THE  EXTENT 
WITHIN  THE  ASSOCIATE’S  CONTROL,  WILL  INITIATE  ANY  SUCH  PROCEEDING  ON  THE 
ASSOCIATE’S BEHALF. 

5.  Non-Disparagement: The Associate shall not, directly or indirectly, make or cause to be made any 
disparaging, denigrating,  derogatory or other negative, misleading or false statement orally or in 
writing to any person or entity, including, without limitation, press and investors in, competitors of 
and advisors to the Company and its affiliates, about the Company and its affiliates or subsidiaries, 
its or their respective members, officers or associates, or the investment or business strategy or 
plans, policies, practices or operations of the Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries. The Associate 
acknowledges  and  agrees  that  any  written  or  oral  contacts  with  clients  of  or  advisors  to  the 
Company (or to any investor in the Company) or any regulatory authority on behalf of the Company 
shall be made by the Associate in good faith in accordance with the terms of this Section 5 and in 
the best interest of the Company and its affiliates or subsidiaries. 

6.  Confidentiality:    (a)  The  Associate  shall  not  directly  or  indirectly  reveal,  divulge,  disseminate, 
disclose, publicize,  or communicate to  any person,  other than  authorized  members, officers and 
associates of the Company, in any manner whatsoever, any Confidential Information (as defined 
below)  of  the  Company,  any  Company  affiliate  or  subsidiary  or  any  of  their  respective  officers, 
directors,  partners,  principals,  stockholders,  members  or  associates  without  the  prior  written 
consent of Company.   As used herein, “Confidential Information” means any and all information 
disclosed  to  or  known  by  the  Associate  as  a  direct  or  indirect  consequence  of  or  through  the 
Associate’s employment with Company (including, but not limited to, client or investor information 
and data, portfolio holdings, research, financial analyses, financial information, procedures, know-
how, documents, materials and plans) unless such information is (i) generally available to the public 
from a source other than a person owing a duty of confidentiality to the Company, (ii) obtained by 
the Associate from  a third party not under a similar obligation  of confidentiality to the Company, 
(iii) required  to  be  disclosed  by  law,  judicial  or  governmental  process  or  order,  administrative 
proceeding, discovery, request, or similar process provided that the Associate provides prior written 
notice  to  the  Company  of  such  disclosure  so  that  the  Company  may  seek  a  protective  order 
enjoining such disclosure, or (vi) the subject of a written waiver executed by the Company for the 
benefit of the Associate. 

(b) The Associate shall not disclose, disseminate or publicize and shall keep strictly confidential this 
Agreement, the terms of this Agreement, and the negotiations leading to this Agreement, except to 
the Associate’s legal, accounting or financial advisors. Except as otherwise provided herein, the 
Associate shall direct such advisors not to disclose to any third party to this Agreement, the terms 
of this Agreement or the negotiations leading to this Agreement. Nothing in this Clause 6(b) shall 
be deemed to prevent the disclosure of the terms of this Agreement by any person if such disclosure 
is required to be made by law, judicial or governmental process or order, regulatory examination, 
administrative proceeding, discovery request or similar process. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.  Conditional  Nature  and  Obligations  of  the  Associate:  The  Company’s  obligations  under  this 
Agreement is conditional and contingent upon  the Associate abiding by all  the obligations under 
this Agreement and under the terms of employment between the Company and the Associate. The 
Associate hereby confirms that after the Separation Date, the Associate will fully comply with all the 
post-termination  obligations  towards  the  Company,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  obligations 
contained  in  the  Terms  of  Employment  and  those  in  relation  to  non-disclosure  and  return  of 
Confidential  Information,  assignment  of  Intellectual  Property  to  the  Company  and  return  of 
Company’s Property contained in the Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicitation and Proprietary Information 
Agreement and Company Policies. 

8.  Cooperation: The Associate agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably directed by it 
by responding to questions, depositions, regulatory examinations, administrative proceedings and 
court hearings, executing documents, and cooperating with the Company and its accountants and 
legal counsel with respect to business issues, and/or claims and litigation of which  the Associate  
has  personal  or  corporate  knowledge.  The  Associate  further  agrees,  except  as  required  by 
subpoena or other applicable legal process (after Company has been given reasonable notice and 
opportunity to seek relief from such requirement), to maintain, in strict confidence, any information 
of  which  the  Associate  has  knowledge  regarding  current  and/or  future  claims,  regulatory 
examinations, administrative proceedings or litigation.  The Associate agrees, except as required 
by subpoena or other applicable legal process (after Company has been given reasonable notice 
and opportunity to seek relief from such requirement), not to communicate with any party(ies), their 
legal counsel or others adverse to the Company in any such claims, administrative proceedings or 
litigation except through the Company’s designated legal counsel.   

9.  Mail:  The  Company  may  open  and  answer,  and  authorize  others  to  open  and  answer,  all  mail, 
communications,  and  other  correspondence  addressed  to  the  Associate  relating  to  Company  or 
any  of  its  affiliates  or  subsidiaries  or  to  the  Associate’s  employment  with  Company,  and  the 
Associate  shall  promptly  refer  to  the  Company  all  inquiries,  mail,  communications  and 
correspondence  received  by  the  Associate  relating  to  the  Company  or  any  of  its  affiliates  or 
subsidiaries or the Associate’s employment with the Company.   

10.  Notices:  No notice or other communication shall be deemed given unless sent in the manner, and 
to the persons, specified in this Section 10.  All notices and other communications hereunder shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) upon receipt if delivered personally (unless subject to 
section (b)) or if mailed by registered or certified mail, (b) at noon on the date after dispatch if sent 
by overnight courier or (c) upon receipt of delivery notice, if sent by electronic mail or  (d) upon the 
completion of transmission if transmitted by telecopy or other means of facsimile which provides 
immediate  or  near  immediate  transmission  to  compatible  equipment  in  the  possession  of  the 
recipient, and in any case to the parties at the following addresses or telecopy numbers (or at such 
other address or telecopy number for a party as will be specified by like notice): 

       If to Company:  

To: priya.cherian@walmart.com 

If to the Associate: To the address set forth in this Agreement or by email to vitthalmirji@gmail.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each party named above may change its address and that of its representative for notice by the 
giving of notice thereof in the manner hereinabove provided. 

11.  Litigation:    In  connection  with  litigation,  investigation,  inquiry  or  proceedings  before  a  court, 
arbitrator, government or administrative agency or other tribunal, the Associate may be asked by 
the Company to testify as a witness or to provide information concerning matters that the Associate 
was involved in during the course of the Associate’s employment with the Company. The Associate 
agrees to cooperate fully with the Company’s counsel by being available to such counsel to discuss 
any information or to review any testimony reasonably in advance of such litigation or proceedings, 
by being available to testify at depositions or trial as required or requested by the Company.  Other 
than travel expenses and applicable, or statutorily mandated, witness fees, the Associate agrees 
not be paid in connection with any testimony, appearance or participation pursuant to this Section 
11 in such litigation or proceedings. This Section does not affect any right the Associate may have 
to indemnification under the Company’s corporate bylaws or policies, or the eligibility to have the 
fees  under  certain 
reasonable  costs,  disbursements  and  counsel 
Company  advance 
circumstances, in connection with proceedings related to or arising out of Associate’s activities as 
an associate of the Company. 

12.  Certain  Acknowledgments:  The  Associate  acknowledges  that  (a)  the  Associate  is  legally 
competent to sign this Agreement; (b) before entering into this Agreement the Associate has had 
the opportunity to consult with any attorney or other advisor of the Associate’s choice and has not 
relied in connection herewith on legal counsel for the Company; (c) the Associate has entered into 
this Agreement of the Associate’s own free will; (d) no promises or representations have been made 
to the Associate by any person to induce the Associate to enter into this Agreement other than the 
terms expressly set forth herein; and (e) the Associate is relying solely upon the Associate’s own  
judgment in signing this Agreement. 

13.  Prior Agreements: This Agreement integrates the whole of all agreements and understandings of 
any sort or character between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. There 
are no representations, agreements or inducements except as set forth expressly in this Agreement. 
This  Agreement  does  not  in  any  way  affect  the  Associate’s  ongoing  obligations  towards  the 
Company  under  the  Terms  of  Employment,  the  Non-Disclosure,  Non-Solicitation  and  Property 
Assignment Agreement or under the Company’s Policies and Guides. 

14.  Modification  and  Waiver:  This  Agreement  may  not  be  modified  or  amended  except  in  writing 
signed by the parties. No term or condition of this Agreement will be deemed to have been waived 
except in writing by the party charged with waiver. A waiver shall operate only as to the specific 
term or condition waived and will not constitute a waiver for the future or act on anything other than 
that which is specifically waived. 

15.  Public Announcements: The Associate hereby provides consent to the Company to make any 
public announcement that the Company may deem appropriate in relation to the termination of the 
Associate’s employment with the Company.  

16.  Counterparts:  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which 
shall be an original, but all of which, together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any 
counterpart  of  this  Agreement  that  has  attached  to  it  separate  signature  pages  which  together 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
contain the signature of all parties hereto shall for all purposes be deemed a fully executed original.  
Facsimile  signatures  shall  constitute  original  signatures.  The  Parties  may  also  exchange  emails 
agreeing to the terms of this agreement and such agreement by way of exchange of emails shall 
be  construed  as  a  written  agreement  signed  by  both  Parties  and  shall  be  construed  as  primary 
evidence for the purposes  of production of the same in a court of  law  of such other appropriate 
forum in the event of dispute arising between the Parties. 

17.  Successors and Assigns:  All the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon 
and  inure  to  the  benefit  of  the  parties  hereto  and  to  their  respective  successors  and  permitted 
assigns.  Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned  by the 
Associate. 

18.  Severability:  All  provisions  of  this  Agreement  are  intended  to  be  severable.    In  the  event  any 
provision or restriction contained  herein  is held to be  invalid  or unenforceable  in  any respect, in 
whole or in part, such finding shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision 
of this Agreement.  The parties hereto further agree that any such invalid or unenforceable provision 
shall be deemed modified so that it shall be enforced to the greatest extent permissible under law, 
and to the extent that any  court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction determines any restriction 
herein to be unreasonable in any respect, such court or arbitrator may limit this Agreement to render 
it reasonable in the light of the circumstances in which it was entered into and specifically enforce 
this Agreement as limited. 

19.  Dispute Resolution: Each suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, 
the subject matter of this Agreement, the performance of the parties hereto of their obligations under 
this  Agreement,  or  the  claimed  breach  of  this  Agreement,  whether  brought  at  law  or  in  equity, 
whether based in tort, contract, or otherwise, will be brought in any central or state court having 
subject matter jurisdiction located in Bangalore and each of the parties hereto submits, with respect 
to  itself  and  its  property,  generally  and  unconditionally  to  the  jurisdiction  of  such  courts  and  the 
appropriate appellate courts. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive, and agree not to 
assert  by  way  of  motion,  as  a  defense  or  counterclaim,  or  otherwise,  (a) any  claim  that  it  is  not 
personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts other than due to the failure to lawfully serve 
process, (b) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from the jurisdiction of any such 
courts or from any legal  process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, 
attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment, 
or otherwise), (c) any claim that the suit, action, or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum 
or  that  the  venue  of  such  suit,  action,  or  proceeding  is  improper  and  (d) any  claim  that  this 
Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each party hereto agrees that process may 
be served on such party, whether or not within the jurisdiction of such courts, and that such service 
of process on such party will be deemed effective. 

20.  Return of Documents and Company Property: The Associate confirms that the Associate has 
returned to Company (a) all equipment and other property owned by Company in the Associate’s 
possession such as computers, laptops, mobile devices, etc. and (b) all originals and all copies of 
documents,  notes,  computer  discs,  tapes  or  other  tangible  information  of  any  sort  which  the 
Associate  has  possession,  custody  or  control  that  is  the  property  of  Company  or  its  affiliates  or 
subsidiaries or that relate in any manner to the Associate’s duties at Company, and which is not 
otherwise  available  to  the  public,  and  will  not  retain  any  copies  of  such  matter.  The  materials 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
required to be returned pursuant to this Section 20 shall not include personal correspondence that 
does not relate to Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries or any of its businesses. The Associate 
also confirms that the Associate has taken all personal assets and belongings that may have kept 
previously at the Company. 

21.  No Right to Additional Compensation: Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither 
Company  nor  any  of  its  predecessors,  successors,  subsidiaries,  officers,  directors,  members, 
partners, agents shall have any further obligation to the Associate in connection with the Associate’s 
employment with the Company, including but not limited to severance, compensation (including but 
not limited to deferred compensation, employment contracts, options, bonuses and commissions), 
health insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, club dues, vehicle allowances, vacation pay, 
sick pay and any similar obligations.  

22.  Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 

the India. 

23.  No Admission: The parties agree that by entering into this Agreement, no party admits to having 
engaged in any unlawful, wrongful or unconscionable conduct, any such conduct being expressly 
denied. 

24.  Construction:  The Associate and the Company agree that this Agreement was negotiated by the 
parties and shall not be construed against any party by virtue of the fact that such party or its legal 
counsel was primarily responsible for the drafting of this Agreement. 

25.  Rights to Injunctive Relief:  The Associate hereby expressly acknowledges that any breach or 
threatened breach by the Associate of any of the obligations set forth in this Agreement may result 
in significant  and continuing injury and irreparable harm to the Company, the  monetary value  of 
which would be impossible to establish. Therefore, the Associate agrees that the Company shall 
be entitled to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction with respect to such provisions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have  executed  and  delivered  this  Agreement  as  of  the  date 
mentioned hereinabove.  

For and on behalf of the WM Global Technology Services India Private Limited: 

By:  

Name: Priya Cherian 

Date: : 4-Nov-25  

Associate: 

By:   

Name: Vittal  Mirji 

Date:  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure – A 

Details of severance: 

Monthly Base Pay Amount (INR) 

Completed Years of Service * 

Ex-gratia payment (1 month base pay for every 
completed years of service, subject to minimum 3 
and maximum 10 months) 

Total Severance Pay eligibility 

₹375,202 

₹1,876,010 

₹1,876,010 

*Years of Service is calculated from your most recent date of joining at the Company till your last working 
date and is rounded off for the purpose of calculating completed years. Any period more than 6 months 
has been rounded up to next number, whereas, period less than 6 months has been rounded down to 
previous number. For example, if your continuous service is 5.6 years, it’ll become 6 years whereas if 
your continuous service is 5.4 years, it’ll become 5 years. 

This severance payout is in addition to your Full and Final settlement which will include pay till the last 
working day, leave encashment, gratuity payout if eligible etc. in line with the legal requirements and 
processes of the Company. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
